Updating documentation to put common issues (#54230)
Azure/azure-content: articles/hdinsight/kafka/apache-kafka-producer-consumer-api.md

The [Run.java](https://github.com/Azure-Samples/hdinsight-kafka-java-get-started/blob/master/Producer-Consumer/src/main/java/com/microsoft/example/Run.java) file provides a command-line interface that runs either the producer or consumer code. You must provide the Kafka broker host information as a parameter. You can optionally include a group ID value, which is used by the consumer process. If you create multiple consumer instances using the same group ID, they'll load balance reading from the topic.

> ## Use Prebuilt-Jars

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Use Pre-built JAR files

```

> Download the jars from here: https://github.com/Azure-Samples/hdinsight-kafka-java-get-started/tree/master/Prebuilt-Jars. If your cluster is **Enterprise Security Package (ESP)** enabled, use kafka-producer-consumer-esp.jar. Use the command below to copy the jars to your cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Download the jars from the [Kafka Get Started Azure sample](https://github.com/Azure-Samples/hdinsight-kafka-java-get-started/tree/master/Prebuilt-Jars). If your cluster is **Enterprise Security Package (ESP)** enabled, use kafka-producer-consumer-esp.jar. Use the command below to copy the jars to your cluster.

```

    ```cmd
    scp kafka-producer-consumer*.jar sshuser@CLUSTERNAME-ssh.azurehdinsight.net:kafka-producer-consumer.jar
    ```

> ## Build the jars from code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Build the JAR files from code

```

The [Run.java](https://github.com/Azure-Samples/hdinsight-kafka-java-get-started/blob/master/Producer-Consumer/src/main/java/com/microsoft/example/Run.java) file provides a command-line interface that runs either the producer or consumer code. You must provide the Kafka broker host information as a parameter. You can optionally include a group ID value, which is used by the consumer process. If you create multiple consumer instances using the same group ID, they'll load balance reading from the topic.

## Use Pre-built JAR files

Download the jars from the [Kafka Get Started Azure sample](https://github.com/Azure-Samples/hdinsight-kafka-java-get-started/tree/master/Prebuilt-Jars). If your cluster is **Enterprise Security Package (ESP)** enabled, use kafka-producer-consumer-esp.jar. Use the command below to copy the jars to your cluster.

    ```cmd

>     scp kafka-producer-consumer*.jar sshuser@CLUSTERNAME-ssh.azurehdinsight.net:kafka-producer-consumer.jar

Author: Hey @Hassan , help here   scp cmd not rendering correctly when I preview

Reviewer 2: Try using 3 spaces indentation instead of 4 spaces. 4-spaces indicates code, which is conflicting with ```cmd.

    mvn clean package
    ```

    This command creates a directory named `target`, that contains a file named `kafka-producer-consumer-1.0-SNAPSHOT.jar`.
    This command creates a directory named `target`, that contains a file named `kafka-producer-consumer-1.0-SNAPSHOT.jar`. For ESP clusters the file will be `kafka-producer-consumer-esp-1.0-SNAPSHOT.jar`

3. Replace `sshuser` with the SSH user for your cluster, and replace `CLUSTERNAME` with the name of your cluster. Enter the following command to copy the `kafka-producer-consumer-1.0-SNAPSHOT.jar` file to your HDInsight cluster. When prompted enter the password for the SSH user.

    ```cmd
    scp ./target/kafka-producer-consumer-1.0-SNAPSHOT.jar sshuser@CLUSTERNAME-ssh.azurehdinsight.net:kafka-producer-consumer.jar
    ```

> ## <a id="run"></a> Run the example

Reviewer: @anushreeringne was the deletion of the 'Run the example' section intentional? Why was the section removed?

Author: Nope this was not. let me add it again

Records stored in Kafka are stored in the order they're received within a partition. To achieve in-ordered delivery for records *within a partition*, create a consumer group where the number of consumer instances matches the number of partitions. To achieve in-ordered delivery for records *within the topic*, create a consumer group with only one consumer instance.

## Common Issues faced

> 1. I am unable to create topic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Topic creation fails

```

>     If your cluster is Enterprise Security Pack Enabled, you need to use the Prebuilt Jar: https://github.com/Azure-Samples/hdinsight-kafka-java-get-started/blob/master/Prebuilt-Jars/kafka-producer-consumer-esp.jar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If your cluster is Enterprise Security Pack enabled, use the [pre-built JAR files for producer and consumer](https://github.com/Azure-Samples/hdinsight-kafka-java-get-started/blob/master/Prebuilt-Jars/kafka-producer-consumer-esp.jar).

```

>     ESP jar can be built from from `DomainJoined-Producer-Consumer`subdirectory. https://github.com/Azure-Samples/hdinsight-kafka-java-get-started/tree/master/DomainJoined-Producer-Consumer . Note the Producer & Consumer properties. They have an additional property CommonClientConfigs.SECURITY_PROTOCOL_CONFIG for ESP enabled clusters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ESP jar can be built from from the code in the [`DomainJoined-Producer-Consumer` subdirectory](https://github.com/Azure-Samples/hdinsight-kafka-java-get-started/tree/master/DomainJoined-Producer-Consumer). Note that the producer and consumer properties ave an additional property `CommonClientConfigs.SECURITY_PROTOCOL_CONFIG` for ESP enabled clusters.

```

> 2. Facing issue with ESP enabled clusters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Produce and consume operations fail

```

Author: I would like to keep it as is

>     We have seen issues where create/produce and consumer fail in an ESP enabled cluster. Please check all the Ranger policies and validate that user "kafka" is added to all of them. If it is not present please add it in all the policies.      

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If produce and consume operations fail and you are using an ESP enabled cluster, check that the user `kafka` is present in all Ranger policies. If it is not present, add it to all Ranger policies.      

```
